Clarified use of MetricPrefix in README (#1200)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/stackdriverexporter/README.md

- `project` (optional): GCP project identifier.
- `endpoint` (optional): Endpoint where data is going to be sent to.

> - `metric_prefix` (optional): MetricPrefix overrides the type of a Stackdriver metric. If not set defaults to "custom.googleapis.com/opencensus/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `metric_prefix` (optional): MetricPrefix overrides the prefix / namespace of the Stackdriver metric type identifier. If not set defaults to "custom.googleapis.com/opencensus/"
```
